Improve feature highlights in introduction (#309)
denoland/manual: introduction.md

# Introduction

Deno ([/ˈdiːnoʊ/](http://ipa-reader.xyz/?text=%CB%88di%CB%90no%CA%8A),

> pronounced `dee-no`) is a JavaScript, TypeScript, and Web Assembly runtime with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pronounced `dee-no`) is a JavaScript, TypeScript, and WebAssembly runtime with
```
